README.md, before:

# Data Structure Interfaces

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/081c8cdf08964dea8969e04513c731b3)](https://app.codacy.com/manual/shubhanshu02/Data-Structure-Interfaces?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=shubhanshu02/Data-Structure-Interfaces&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)


## About the Repository
This repository is intended to contain the interfaces of various data structures. 

 1. The repository is implemented in **C++**
 2. Any viewer of this repository is invited to contribute here.
 3. Currently, all interfaces are made for **integers** only
 4. Data type of storage objects can be changed just by replacing 'int' by the desired data type.

## Goals

-  [x] Singly Linked List
-  [x] Doubly Linked List
-  [x] Circular Linked List
-  [x] Stack
-  [ ] Queue
-  [x] Double Ended Queue (Deq) with Array
-  [x] Double Ended Queue (Deq) with Doubly Linked List
-  [x] Binary Search Tree
-  [x] AVL Tree
-  [x] Binary Heaps
-  [ ] Graphs

Commit message:

Disjoint Set with Path Compression Added

README.md, after:

# Data Structure Interfaces

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/081c8cdf08964dea8969e04513c731b3)](https://app.codacy.com/manual/shubhanshu02/Data-Structure-Interfaces?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=shubhanshu02/Data-Structure-Interfaces&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)


## About the Repository
This repository is intended to contain the interfaces of various data structures. 

 1. The repository is implemented in **C++**
 2. Any viewer of this repository is invited to contribute here.
 3. Currently, all interfaces are made for **integers** only
 4. Data type of storage objects can be changed just by replacing 'int' by the desired data type.

## Goals

-  [x] Singly Linked List
-  [x] Doubly Linked List
-  [x] Circular Linked List
-  [x] Stack
-  [ ] Queue
-  [x] Double Ended Queue (Deq) with Array
-  [x] Double Ended Queue (Deq) with Doubly Linked List
-  [x] Binary Search Tree
-  [x] AVL Tree
-  [x] Binary Heaps
-  [x] Disjoint Sets using Union by Rank
-  [x] Disjoint Sets using Union by Rank and Path Compression
-  [ ] Graphs
